{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red11\green76\blue180;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c1961\c38824\c75686;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\vieww18800\viewh14340\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 From: "Einarson, Margret" <Margret.Einarson@fccc.edu>\
Subject: Golemis_Ward Screen raw data\
Date: May 11, 2022 at 20:17:32 EDT\
To: "Serebriiskii, Ilya" <Ilya.Serebriiskii@fccc.edu>\
Cc: "Golemis, Erica A" <Erica.Golemis@fccc.edu>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hi Ilya,
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Please find the data attached.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 The folders within:
\fs32 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
All raw data = plate reader and nuclei spreadsheets directly from the instruments. Multiple reads from the plate reader, single file for nuclei output.
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
MBE Current spreadsheets- these are the CTB timepoints I chose. You may make a different decision. In particular run 2 the A549 could be a different time point \'96 but right now we are focusing on FADU.
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Peterson_kI_library column key\'a0 = the well contents in column format
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Vehicle = serum-free media + DMSO
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 CBD = 10 uM CBD
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 BLANKS = Any well designated \'93blank\'94 \'a0still has cells and the either vehicle or CBD was added to those wells. 
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 These are really the best controls. The DMSO wells from the master plate are in the corners and are very bad.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Screen 1 = Duplicate plates, two cell lines,2 conditions. One CBD plate (plate 2, CBD) had a liquid handling error.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Screen 2= Triplicate plates, two cell lines, 2 conditions.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 NOTE: I just noticed a mistake I made in my previous analyses that I am highlighting so you don\'92t do the same thing.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Screen 1- No docetaxel or gemcitabine controls
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Screen 2- Added docetaxel and gemcitabine controls
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 I made a bunch of spreadsheets using the same plate key for both runs and now I have to redo some stuff.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 I have reformatted many of these in PRISM, I am not sharing right now as I want to check for this error above before I send them to you.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Please be on-your-guard for this error on my part \'96 I may still have missed it within these materials.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Thanks for any help you can provide,
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Margret
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 --
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 Margret Einarson, Ph.D.\uc0\u8232 Research Associate Professor\u8232 Fox Chase Cancer Center\u8232 Manager, High Throughput Screening &\u8232 Translational Facility\u8232 \u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:margret.einarson@fccc.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 margret.einarson@fccc.edu}}\uc0\u8232 215.728.2542
\f2\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \'a0
\fs32 \
\'a0}